I heard it on the radio.
She tried to find out if she could use Jim’s phone.
He drove (was driving) at a speed of 80 kilometers an hour.
You can be proud of your accomplishment.
The man told me that he wanted to rob the bank the next day.
The woman politely asked us to leave.
Everyone laughed at him.
There is nobody in this section who hasn’t heard of the great Ian. 
On my way back to the hotel I had the impression that someone was following me. 
He thinks he doesn’t have to learn for his exam but he’ll be fooled.
You never should have said that.
John had no reason not to believe her.
That tastes great.
David is looking forward to going to the cinema tonight.
The correspondent told the viewers that there was still a certain danger of war.
When he entered the room she saw that her husband had obviously been drinking.
Freddy insists on preparing the meal.
Imagine being in the mountains on a beautiful day.
I felt the water get colder and colder
Wouldn’t it be wonderful to live in California?
How much money have you currently got in your bank account?
The train from Liverpool will arrive at 11.15 if it is on time. 
Our president has just started a state (an official) visit to London.
Don’t forget to brush your teeth before you go to bed. 
Our English teacher tried to explain grammar to the class. 
I hate standing in the rain.
We’ll never be able to make a real athlete out of this boy.
What prevented (kept) him from going to the opening ceremony?
Have you finished repairing the heating system? It’s cold and we need it.
I couldn’t prevent her from coming home so late.
Amnesty International is a global organization that tries to free political prisoners. 
We have been watching her for some time now, but she hasn’t made any mistakes yet.
There is no sense in moaning. She won’t tell you anything (anyway).
The girl finally decided to look for a job.
The children took part in the competition.
People who watch TV more than six hours a day tend to be more violent.
We have to travel by car or by train.
Ben Nevis is the highest mountain on the British Isles.
You cannot learn a language from books alone.
I was not surprised by the news of the man’s death.
They know their business better than anyone else .
Fire crews called to rescue lost puppy after she got stuck 50ft above the ground on precarious ledge in a quarry
Firefighters abseil down cliff face to pluck the dog from certain death
She did not move a muscle during the rescue - she was frozen solid .
We are just so grateful and every single one of them was absolutely tremendous .
Mr Mazanga was coy when asked about whether Renamo would repeat this threat .
On the Friday there will be a ceremony , and on the Saturday and Sunday a party will be held at the Kirchtalhalle .
Supreme Court upholds Obama health care law
When his elderly mother died , a man from Wolfsburg devised a plan .
Here we attempted to look at it in other species .
The voluntary fire service bravely came through the main autumn test run in spite of a lack of personnel .
You can leave home at 5 a.m. , running to the hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
He gives his life to this organization , and his desire to help the Cameroon people is everlasting .
Experts think the obesity epidemic might be one trigger of early puberty
The solicitor feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed
In Nogales , Arizona , smugglers tap into vast underground drainage canals .
Airlines pay online travel sellers such as Orbitz $ 10 to $ 25 for each ticket sold .
Mainz are concerned regarding the availability of Nicolai Müller .
A second autopsy , however , listed a different cause of death , according to Moore .
Trainer Tomasz Malmon will not let there be any doubt of this fact .
He said the NotW used three ways to investigate stories : phone hacking , surveillance , and confrontation .
During the presentation , Wolf seemed impressed by the educational pilot project .
Four cyclists managed to break away from the top regional racers .
Here the standard of private television production is presented in its purest form .
With this opinion she is at least not alone in the State Capital .
The Town Councils have decided that the answer is yes .
This therefore provided the ideal conditions for pop star , Dieter Thomas Kuhn , and his band .
But depressed and knowing something was wrong , he demanded medical records .
His stories have inspired film producers such as Ridley Scott , Paul Verhoeven and Steven Spielberg .
Australian authorities rushed the man to Christmas Island Hospital , where he died .
However , several planes could be seen taking off on CNN .
Politicians are loath to raise the tax even one penny when gas prices are high .
In Oregon , planners are experimenting with giving drivers different choices .
Because Germany is an ally of the USA , Snowden would be at risk of deportation if he were to travel there , the source continued .
In the central blocks of the south stand , blocks 12 and 13 , nothing moved .
This question should also provide information regarding the preconditions for the origins of life .
They then moved on to the Financial District , via Wall Street , to visit the 9 / 11 memorial .
But Mr Chen then appeared on state television admitting he had published false stories for money .
When I was little , Halloween was magical .
Americans will spend $ 1.9 billion on it this year , according to The Nielsen Company .
For Matthias Schrell has some further plans at the location .
Really , this guy should get the death penalty before anybody .
Nothing beats Germany as a property location for national and international investors .
Here speed and coordination are the order of the day .
The leaks have put the US government at the centre of a diplomatic storm with its allies .
Qantas said it would stick with the current rules for now .
However , Damascus still has to start destroying existing weapons and stockpiles .
The conflict has forced some 2 million people to flee the country .
The caber is four and a half metres long and weighs 25 to 30 kilometres .
However , the current economic crisis has proved a watershed .
Or we can defend our own economic interests - which includes telling Berlin and Brussels where to get off .
You can even become Federal President with a theology degree .
Delta and JetBlue were among the airliners who have already submitted plans .
But transmissions are stronger when devices are downloading or sending data .
The probability of unauthorised persons reading a mail is extremely low .
This project is a key element of energy security of the whole European continent .
Rock band the Arctic Monkeys have postponed a gig in Glasgow after their lead singer was diagnosed with laryngitis .
We wish to apologise to all ticket holders for any inconvenience this has caused .
Thousands of motorists have already taken the black boxes , some of which have GPS monitoring , for a test drive .
According to accusations , this was part of a turf war and represented a demonstration of power .